{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red0\green0\blue0;\red239\green236\blue236;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c54902;\cssrgb\c94902\c94118\c94118;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34000\viewh20240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Some additional things that can be done:\
  -    Update/change the name of the anonimous github page (CCS23-anonymous) on which the light client is currently open sourced (https://github.com/CCS23-anonymous/light-client) to something which is conference independent and can be reused. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Standardize the Hardware Environment:
\f0\b0  Define a specific, reproducible environment (e.g., an AWS 
\fs42 \cf3 \cb4 c7g.2xlarge
\fs36 \cf2 \cb1  instance or a specific CPU model) so reviewers can replicate results. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Enforce Statistical Rigor:
\f0\b0  Perform at least 10\'9620 iterations per benchmark, reporting the mean execution time and the standard deviation to demonstrate stability.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Include Peak Memory Usage:
\f0\b0  For SNARK implementations, proving time is only half the story. Report memory related metrics, as memory constraints cand be bottleneck for large-scale proof generation. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Adopt Reproducible Artifacts:
\f0\b0  Ensure your GitHub repository includes a 
\fs42 \cf3 \cb4 Dockerfile
\fs36 \cf2 \cb1  and a 
\fs42 \cf3 \cb4 Makefile
\fs36 \cf2 \cb1  or 
\fs42 \cf3 \cb4 justfile
\fs36 \cf2 \cb1 . The artifact should allow a reviewer to trigger all benchmarks with a single command (
\fs42 \cf3 \cb4 make bench
\fs36 \cf2 \cb1 ) to output the exact tables presented in the paper.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Standardize Build Configurations:
\f0\b0  Explicitly document the build environment. Specify the Rust edition (e.g., 2024 or 2027), the exact 
\fs42 \cf3 \cb4 arkworks
\fs36 \cf2 \cb1  version, and the compiler flags used (e.g., 
\fs42 \cf3 \cb4 -C target-cpu=native -O3
\fs36 \cf2 \cb1  to ensure full optimization).\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Incorporate State-of-the-Art (SOTA) Baselines:
\f0\b0  Do not benchmark in a vacuum. Compare implementation against a recognized baseline or a competing library using the same hardware to justify your performance claims. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Visual Representation:
\f0\b0  Replace raw tables charts to better visualize the scaling behavior of your SNARKs.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f2\b\fs40 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
On-Chain Verification Cost:
\f3\b0  Report the total gas consumption required to verify a single SNARK proof on-chain. This is the most critical metric for any bridge or light client verifier smart contract.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs52 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\b\fs38 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gas Impact of Precompiles:
\f0\b0  Since the protocol on Ethereum would likely require precompiled contracts for specific curves (e.g., BW6-761), perform a comparative gas analysis:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Estimate the gas cost if the operation is implemented in pure Solidity/Yul.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Estimate the gas cost if the operation is supported by a dedicated precompile. This clearly justifies the technical necessity of the proposed protocol changes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Scaling Benchmarks (Gas vs. $v$):
\f0\b0  Provide a clear gas usage analysis as a function of the validator set size ($v$) such that reviewers see how the cost of verification scales on-chain as the number of participants increases.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cost-Benefit Comparative Analysis:
\f0\b0  Benchmark the gas cost of the accountable protocol against existing, non-accountable light client implementations (e.g., Ethereum's current sync committee protocol). This highlights the "gas-to-security" ratio of the system compared to the current industry standard.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs52 \cf2 \
}